# CompleteList
To whom this may concern,

This repository is filled with two versions of a short UWP (Universal Windows Platform) C# application, designed for the Windows 10 operating system, that I have personally dubbed "Complete List". Designed in a style similar to that of a reminders or todo app, one version documents my first [and incomplete] attempt at a solution, while the second version will be absolute. Both versions will contain the necessary and corresponding C# and XAML code that is required for the application to run.

This repository exists to showcase my personal undertaking of a "personal developmental project" in the fields of C#, and also XAML, programming. My motivation behind this undertaking was to satisfy my own interests and curiosities in C# and learn more about C#, XAML, and the UWP framework. Throughout this [current and ongoing] experience, I have learned much more about C# and XAML, and I believe I have gained invaluable exposure to the UWP framework and also to the process of developing C# applications. I intend to use this experience as a springboard to learn even more, and thus become a better programmer in the future.

All the code that is present within this repository is proprietary, and of my own work. Nowhere within this repository did I steal anyone else's code, nor have I tried to pass other's code as my own. For the various issues that I ran across, I consulted the internet for various different methods, each with their own strengths and drawbacks. While I have borrowed some of those ideas, I reassure you that the implementation of all solutions throughout this repository has been done 100% by myself only. Because of this, I am proud to call this "my work", for even if they are not the most efficient or compact, the code here is completely original.

Finally, I'd like to thank the various online resources that I came across, including but not limited to the Microsoft documentation, which has aided me tremendously when issues arise. They have provided valuable descriptions and insight into the various methods I could implement in order to solve my problems, and because of this, I am extremely grateful. As someone without prior experience in either C# or XAML, these resources were a tremendous guide in aiding me throughout this process, and I would like to express my gratitude. To all visitors, please enjoy!
